Application as Junior ML Architect Engineer

Dear ARR Team,

After having successfully completed my master degree in computer science with the focus on artificial intelligence, I found your job offering for a machine learning architect engineer in the area of rendering and research very appealing. As I realize I still have to gain more experience, I do not think I fulfill the requirements for this specific level, but would like to be considered for a similar role on a junior level.

Not only has playing video games interested me since I was in elementary school, I was also curious about the process behind the creation of such software, which strengthened my decision to get a games engineering Bachelor's degree. As a player, I notice issues regarding low framerates and resolutions. With my background I am automatically thinking about what could be causes and how to overcome these issues, for instance, the resolution of games with high computational demands for their sophisticated graphics tend to be limited by the capabilities of the GPU. 
For my Master's thesis I addressed this by first, collecting a data set within Unreal Engine 5, and second by developing a neural network to enable real-time superresolution.

I have several years of experience programming with Python and used Pytorch for machine learning to my thesis, as well as a practical course. I used C++ and CMake in combination with OpenGL as a rendering backend for developing my game engine for the third year project of my Bachelor studies and went on to tutor students in this course for the following two years. Despite not having used D3D12 myself, I am eager to learn. Throughout several projects I collaborated with my fellow students using Git as the version control system on both Linux and Windows computers.

I am disciplined and persistent, when facing challenges. I enjoy learning techniques and tools and like passing on that knowledge and also being in exchange with others regarding new developments in my field. 

I look forward to hearing back from you,


